Allow Registering Transparent Statements (#371)
ietf-wg-scitt/draft-ietf-scitt-architecture: draft-ietf-scitt-architecture.md

A Transparency Service MAY accept a Signed Statement with content in its unprotected header, and MAY use values from that unprotected header during verification and registration policy evaluation.

To support registering a Transparent Statement from a first Transparency Service, with a second Transparency Services, while maintaining the ability to refer to Transparent Statements by hash requires normalizing the unprotected header.

Normalization procedures for unprotected header are a registration policy specific activity, and are out of scope for this document.

> Some Transparency Services MAY decide to not support registering Transparent Statements.

Reviewer: This muddles the message.  Other unprotected header values can exist and that does not turn a signed statement into a transparent one.  I think you need to state that a signed statement with the existence of any unprotected headers may be rejected.  Though I think the better implementation is to store (or hash) the signed statement without including unprotected headers.

Author: > I think you need to state that a signed statement with the existence of any unprotected headers may be rejected.

That is what this is saying:

 "Some Transparency Services MAY decide to not support registering Transparent Statements."
 
 I could be more clear:
 
 Transparency Services can reject signed statements according to their registration policy.
 A Transparency Service might have a policy of not allowing:
 - Anything other than Hash Envelopes
 - Any COSE sign 1 with a counter signature (hash envelope or otherwise)
 - Any COSE sign 1 with a certificate chain in the unprotected header.
 - Any COSE sign 1 with attached receipts in the unprotected header (we call these Transparent Statements)
 
 Some Transparency Services MAY overwrite the unprotected header before registering it.

Reviewer: Ok, that is a bit draconian and you can keep it simpler to state that a service may have policy to not allow: 
Any COSE sign 1 with some or any unprotected headers, or
May record into the ledger after overwriting the unprotected header.

Author: Perhaps: https://github.com/ietf-wg-scitt/draft-ietf-scitt-architecture/pull/371/files#r2039586775

> To support registering a Transparent Statement from a first Transparency Service, with a second Transparency Services, while maintaining the ability to refer to Transparent Statements by hash requires normalizing the unprotected header.
> 
> Normalization procedures for unprotected header are a registration policy specific activity, and are out of scope for this document.
> 
> Some Transparency Services MAY decide to not support registering Transparent Statements.

Author: ```suggestion
Transparency Services services MAY alter or discard the unprotected header of any Signed Statement prior to registration.
```

Reviewer: Brent and I think that is simpler.
